The earliest evidence for the Easter Hare (Osterhase) was recorded in south-west Germany in 1678 by the professor of medicine Georg Franck von Franckenau, but it remained unknown in other parts of Germany until the 18th century. Scholar Richard Sermon writes that "hares were frequently seen in gardens in spring, and thus may have served as a convenient explanation for the origin of the colored eggs hidden there for children. Alternatively, there is a European tradition that hares laid eggs, since a hare’s scratch or form and a lapwing’s nest look very similar, and both occur on grassland and are first seen in the spring. In the nineteenth century the influence of Easter cards, toys, and books was to make the Easter Hare/Rabbit popular throughout Europe. German immigrants then exported the custom to Britain and America where it evolved into the Easter Bunny. The following table explains the meanings of the terms ‘hazard’, ‘risk’ and ‘control measure’, in relation to risk management. Risk Management Terms include Term, Definition, and Example. Hazard is anything with the potential to cause harm to a person. An example of a hazard is offcuts of materials lying around on the floor. Risk is the potential harmful consequences of a hazard. An example of a risk is trips, slips, sprains and strains. Control Measure refers to methods used to reduce the potential severity and likelihood of harm. An example of a control measure is sweeping up and disposing of offcuts (housekeeping). All workplaces are required to maintain a system of risk management. The purpose of maintaining a system of risk management is to promote a safe work environment and reduce workplace illness and injuries. Risk management consists of four main steps: 1) Identifying hazards, 2) Assessing risks, 3) Controlling risks, 4) Monitoring and review. Hazards can be identified by using common sense. Using common sense involves thinking about what might be harmful when work is carried out. Hazards can be identified by walking through the work area and using senses. Workers might see, hear or smell a hazard while walking through the work area. Hazards can be identified by talking with other workers. Other workers might have noticed hazards that a person hasn’t. There are two main factors considered when assessing the risks posed by a hazard: the likelihood that the hazard will cause harm and the severity of the harm that could be caused. A risk matrix is used to rank the risk posed by a hazard. Controlling the risk posed by a hazard involves choosing and implementing methods of reducing the risk to an acceptable level. The Hierarchy of Controls ranks the methods of risk control from the most preferred method (elimination) to the ‘last resort’ (personal protective equipment). The first rank in the Hierarchy of Controls is Elimination. Elimination means the hazard, and therefore the risk, is removed entirely. Elimination is the most effective method of risk control. Examples of elimination include removing a dangerous machine from a workplace and backfilling an open trench. The second rank in the Hierarchy of Controls is Substitution. Substitution means hazardous equipment, substances or working practices are replaced with ones that are less hazardous, thereby reducing the risk. Examples of substitution include replacing a damaged extension cord with a new one and using a non-toxic glue instead of a toxic one. The third rank in the Hierarchy of Controls is Isolation. Isolation means workers and others at risk of harm are prevented from coming into contact with the hazard. Examples of isolation include restricting access to a dangerous area and placing an ‘out of service’ tag on a faulty piece of equipment. The fourth rank in the Hierarchy of Controls is Engineering Controls. Engineering Controls involve installing or using parts that are designed to reduce the level of risk associated with a piece of equipment or activity. Examples of engineering controls include safety railings at edges and safety guards on power tools. The fifth rank in the Hierarchy of Controls is Administrative Controls. Administrative Controls involve training, instruction and guidelines that reduce the risk set out for the worker to follow. Examples of administrative controls include undergoing a company or site induction and using standard work procedures (SWPs). The sixth rank in the Hierarchy of Controls is Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). PPE is the last resort in risk control. PPE is used to reduce risk by offering some protection to various parts of the body that may be harmed as a result of the hazard. Examples of PPE include wearing a hard-hat and safety boots whilst on a construction site and using safety glasses and ear plugs whilst operating a power drill. Typically, combinations of these control measures are used to reduce the risks posed by hazards in the workplace. Monitoring and review of risk management is an ongoing process of analysis and discussion. The purposes of monitoring and review include identifying new hazards, checking that the level of risk posed by hazards has not changed, evaluating the effectiveness of control measures, and improving the system of risk management. All risk assessment activities should be documented to clearly indicate the location and date, who carried out the risk assessment, the hazards that were identified, the risks posed by each hazard, how each risk is to be controlled, and who is responsible for implementing risk controls. Individuals can check their understanding of the content by clicking the link below and then undertaking the activity. Personal Protective Equipment provides details of personal protective equipment commonly used in electrotechnology work. Personal Protective Equipment is commonly abbreviated as PPE. The following table provides details of personal protective equipment (PPE) commonly used in electrotechnology work. Eye Protection includes safety glasses, goggles, and face shields. Eye Protection protects the eyes from projectiles or sparks. Eye Protection is typically used when using power tools and during welding. Hearing Protection includes ear muffs and ear plugs. Hearing Protection protects the ears from excessive noise. Hearing Protection is typically used for general use and when using power tools. Head Protection includes hard hats. Head Protection protects the head from falling objects and hard or sharp edges. Head Protection is typically used for general use on construction sites. Foot Protection includes safety boots. Foot Protection protects the feet and toes from falling objects. Foot Protection is typically used for general use on all job sites. Hand Protection includes leather gloves and insulated electrical gloves. Hand Protection protects the hands against cuts, burns, or contact with energized electrical equipment or wiring. Hand Protection is typically used when using a knife, using PVC conduit cement, and during electrical testing. Body Protection includes long sleeves and long pants. Body Protection protects the torso, arms, and legs from scratches and burns. Body Protection is typically used for general use on job sites. Respiratory Protection includes dust masks and respirators. Respiratory Protection protects lungs from foreign bodies. Respiratory Protection is typically used when drilling or cutting bricks and concrete. UV Protection includes sunscreen, wide-brim hats, and sunglasses. UV Protection protects the skin and eyes against UV radiation. UV Protection is typically used on outdoor job sites. Other types of personal protective equipment include high visibility vests. High visibility vests make a person more visible to others. High visibility vests are typically used for general use and are particularly important around mobile plant. Each State and Territory in Australia and the Commonwealth Government have enacted workplace health and safety legislation. Workplace health and safety legislation places a legal obligation on all workers and their employers to ensure a healthy and safe workplace. Workplace health and safety legislation consists of the Acts, Regulations, and Codes of Practice. In this topic, individuals will learn about workplace health and safety principles and the objectives of the legislation. Individuals will learn about the roles and responsibilities of employers, employees, and workplace health and safety inspectors. Individuals will learn about the functions of health and safety committees and representatives. Individuals will learn about housekeeping and the potential hazards associated with poor housekeeping practices. Individuals will learn about the types of personal protective equipment commonly required to carry out typical electrotechnology work tasks. The fundamental principle of workplace health and safety is to protect the health and safety of people in the workplace. The fundamental principle of workplace health and safety revolves around ensuring that workplaces are safe. The fundamental principle of workplace health and safety revolves around ensuring that workers are able to work safely. The fundamental principle of workplace health and safety revolves around reducing accidents and injuries in the workplace. The fundamental principle of workplace health and safety revolves around promoting good health and hygiene. Each State and Territory of Australia is responsible for implementing a legal framework for health and safety in the workplace. Each State and Territory has its own associated workplace health and safety legislation and regulations. The role of workplace health and safety regulators is to ensure compliance with the applicable legislation and regulations in their jurisdiction. The role of workplace health and safety regulators typically involves providing advice and assistance. The role of workplace health and safety regulators typically involves carrying out workplace safety inspections. The role of workplace health and safety regulators typically involves investigating workplace safety incidents. The role of workplace health and safety regulators typically involves administering licenses and registrations for hazardous work or occupations. Safe Work Australia is the national body overseeing workplace health and safety in Australia. The role of Safe Work Australia is to work towards harmonizing workplace health and safety policy. The role of Safe Work Australia is to provide information and guidance. The role of Safe Work Australia is to conduct research. The role of Safe Work Australia is to publish documents including the Model WHS Act, Model WHS Regulations, and Model Codes of Practice. Workplace Health and Safety Obligations are important to understand. Both workers and employers have a number of legal responsibilities under the applicable Acts and Regulations. Workers have responsibilities under workplace health and safety. Employers have responsibilities under workplace health and safety. Workers must take reasonable care for their own health and safety at work. Workers must take reasonable care for the health and safety of others in the workplace. Workers must cooperate with workplace health and safety policies and procedures provided by the employer. Workers must comply with all reasonable instructions from the employer relating to health and safety. Employers must take reasonable care to ensure the safety of workers. Employers must provide workers with safe systems of work. Employers must provide workers with safe plant and equipment. Employers must provide workers with adequate facilities. Employers must provide any required information, training, instruction, and supervision to allow workers to work safely. Employers must monitor and maintain the conditions of the workplace. A workplace Health and Safety Committee consists of representatives from the workplace. Each representative of the workplace Health and Safety Committee represents a group of workers. The main roles of a workplace health and safety committee are to review and improve workplace health and safety procedures. The main roles of a workplace health and safety committee are to act as liaison between the workers and the employer in matters relating to health and safety in the workplace. State and Territory WHS/OHS regulators appoint health and safety inspectors. Health and safety inspectors help enforce the applicable regulations. Under WHS/OHS legislation and regulations, workplace health and safety inspectors have the power to enter and search a workplace. Under WHS/OHS legislation and regulations, workplace health and safety inspectors can conduct interviews and make inquiries. Under WHS/OHS legislation and regulations, workplace health and safety inspectors can gather information, examine and copy documents, and take photographs or samples. Under WHS/OHS legislation and regulations, workplace health and safety inspectors can issue directions and on-the-spot fines for breaches of the legislation. Under WHS/OHS legislation and regulations, workplace health and safety inspectors can issue improvement, prohibition, and non-disturbance notices. It is an offence to obstruct a WHS/OHS inspector. It is an offence to impersonate a WHS/OHS inspector. It is an offence to intimidate a WHS/OHS inspector. It is an offence to threaten or insult a WHS/OHS inspector. Significant fines can apply for failing to comply with a WHS/OHS notice. An Improvement Notice is issued when an inspector believes that a person has not met their obligations under the applicable WHS/OHS legislation and regulations. An Improvement Notice can require the person to stop performing a work activity in a certain way. An Improvement Notice can require the person to follow directions to reduce the risk to health and safety within a given timeframe. A Prohibition Notice is issued when an inspector believes that there is a serious and immediate risk to health and safety at a workplace. A Prohibition Notice can require the person to immediately cease a certain work activity. A Prohibition Notice can require the person to immediately cease working in a certain area. A Prohibition Notice can require the person to follow directions to reduce the risk associated with the work activity or work area. A Non-disturbance Notice is issued to the person in control of a workplace to facilitate an investigation. A Non-disturbance Notice is issued to prevent evidence from being removed or tampered with. A Non-disturbance Notice requires the person to preserve the workplace in its current state. A Non-disturbance Notice requires the person to ensure the workplace is not disturbed for a given timeframe. The term 'housekeeping' refers to keeping the workplace clean, tidy, and in a safe and proper condition. Housekeeping includes various types of hazards. A trip hazard is an example of a type of hazard. Extension leads run across the floor and create a trip hazard. Approved lead stands should be used to keep leads off the ground. Offcuts of materials lying all over the floor create a trip hazard. Offcuts should be swept up and stored or disposed of appropriately. Falling objects are another type of hazard. Materials balanced precariously on a top shelf create a falling object hazard. Tools and materials should be stored correctly to prevent falling objects. Tools balanced on the top step of a ladder create a falling object hazard. A tool belt should be used and tools should not be left where they can fall off. Contamination is another type of hazard. Chemicals stored without lids and caps fastened create a contamination hazard. Chemicals should be stored correctly to prevent contamination. Food scraps left on the floor create a contamination hazard. Food scraps should be swept up and disposed of appropriately. Limited access/egress is another type of hazard. A ladder left in a doorway creates a limited access/egress hazard. Tools and equipment should be stored in designated areas to prevent limited access/egress hazards. Materials stored in a fire escape create a limited access/egress hazard. Materials should be stored in designated areas to prevent limited access/egress hazards. Australia is known for its stable democracy, strong economy, and diverse cultural landscape. In recent years, key national stories in Australia have focused on climate change, indigenous rights, economic growth, and social issues. Australia has faced significant challenges with bushfires. The devastating 2019-2020 fire season burned millions of hectares of land and affected wildlife populations in Australia. The bushfires sparked national debates on climate policy and disaster preparedness in Australia. The political landscape in Australia remains dynamic. Debates around energy policy, housing affordability, and migration are ongoing in Australia. Immigration continues to be a central theme in Australia. Immigration influences debates on population growth and workforce development in Australia. Australia’s relationship with its Pacific neighbors is noteworthy. Foreign policy in Australia is increasingly focused on trade, climate support, and security in the Indo-Pacific region. Australia celebrates its multicultural society. Contributions from European, Asian, and Indigenous communities shape Australian culture. Reconciliation with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples remains a national priority in Australia. Discussions about constitutional recognition, treaty processes, and social justice programs reflect this priority. Australia’s economy is resilient. The economy of Australia is driven by mining, agriculture, and services. Technology adoption and renewable energy initiatives are increasingly shaping economic strategies in Australia. Education, particularly higher education and research, is a significant contributor to national growth in Australia. Australia attracts international students from across Asia and beyond. Sports feature prominently in national life in Australia. Cricket, Australian Rules Football, and rugby unite communities and shape national identity in Australia. International sporting events, such as the Olympics and the Commonwealth Games, showcase Australia on the global stage. New Zealand, or Aotearoa, is a nation renowned for its natural beauty, environmental initiatives, and strong social policies. The government of New Zealand has gained international recognition for climate action, renewable energy investment, and conservation efforts. Conservation efforts in New Zealand aim to protect native flora and fauna. National parks and biodiversity programs are central to New Zealand’s identity and tourism industry. The indigenous Māori population plays a vital role in shaping national culture and policy in New Zealand. Te Reo Māori language revitalization is an ongoing national story in New Zealand. Land rights settlements are an ongoing national story in New Zealand. Cultural preservation programs are ongoing national stories in New Zealand. Recent years have seen debates on equitable representation in New Zealand. Recent years have seen debates on social equity in New Zealand. Recent years have seen debates on the integration of Māori perspectives in governance in New Zealand. New Zealand maintains a parliamentary democracy. New Zealand focuses on progressive social policies. Healthcare, education, and housing are areas of active national concern in New Zealand. The government of New Zealand’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic received international attention for its effective management and policy implementation. Economically, New Zealand relies on agriculture, tourism, and increasingly technology-driven sectors. The export of dairy, meat, and wine remains a backbone of trade. New Zealand’s relationship with Australia is essential for trade, security, and environmental collaboration. New Zealand’s relationship with other Pacific nations is essential for trade, security, and environmental collaboration. Sports, particularly rugby, are deeply ingrained in New Zealand culture. The All Blacks rugby team symbolizes national pride, unity, and international success. Arts, music, and literature contribute to New Zealand’s rich cultural tapestry. India is a diverse and populous country. India is characterized by a multiplicity of languages, religions, and cultures. National stories in India often revolve around economic development, political reforms, technology, social change, and international relations. India is one of the fastest-growing major economies. India has become a hub for information technology, startups, and industrial development. India operates as the world’s largest democracy. Frequent debates over governance, federalism, and social justice occur in India. Recent years have seen significant reforms in taxation, labor laws, and digital infrastructure in India. National campaigns, such as Swachh Bharat (Clean India), highlight social and environmental priorities in India. India’s foreign policy is increasingly influential. India’s foreign policy focuses on strategic partnerships, trade agreements, and regional security in South Asia. Relations with neighboring countries shape national narratives in India. Relations with global powers shape national narratives in India. Defense modernization remains high on the agenda in India. Technological innovation remains high on the agenda in India. Social issues, including education, healthcare, gender equality, and poverty alleviation, are central to national discourse in India. Urbanization poses both opportunities and challenges in India. Migration poses both opportunities and challenges in India. India’s cultural richness is reflected in festivals, cinema, literature, and music. Festivals, cinema, literature, and music resonate both domestically and internationally in India. Environmental concerns, such as air pollution, water scarcity, and climate adaptation, are growing national stories in India. India’s commitment to renewable energy is notable. India’s commitment to sustainable development is notable. India’s commitment to solar energy projects is notable. India’s commitment to wind energy projects is notable. Sports, especially cricket, hold a unique place in national consciousness in India. Success in international competitions fosters unity and pride in India. Traditional sports contribute to a dynamic sporting culture in India. Modern professional leagues contribute to a dynamic sporting culture in India. The Philippines is an archipelagic nation in Southeast Asia. The Philippines is known for its vibrant culture, economic growth, and social resilience. National stories in the Philippines often revolve around governance, economic development, natural disasters, and overseas labor migration. Typhoons frequently shape national policies on disaster preparedness in the Philippines. Earthquakes frequently shape national policies on climate resilience in the Philippines. The Philippines operates as a presidential republic. Governance and anti-corruption efforts are ongoing concerns in the Philippines. National debates around law enforcement occur in the Philippines. National debates around human rights occur in the Philippines. National debates around social policies occur in the Philippines. Regional security is significant in the Philippines. Relationships with neighboring Southeast Asian countries are significant in the Philippines. The Philippines has experienced consistent economic growth. Economic growth in the Philippines is driven by remittances from overseas Filipino workers. Economic growth in the Philippines is driven by business process outsourcing. Economic growth in the Philippines is driven by a growing services sector. Infrastructure development is a key national narrative in the Philippines. Urbanization is a key national narrative in the Philippines. Digital transformation is a key national narrative in the Philippines. Social issues, including poverty reduction, education, healthcare, and gender equality, remain central to policymaking in the Philippines. Indigenous communities are often the focus of social programs in the Philippines. Rural populations are often the focus of social programs in the Philippines. Urban poor are often the focus of social programs in the Philippines. Cultural diversity is celebrated through festivals in the Philippines. Cultural diversity is celebrated through music in the Philippines. Cultural diversity is celebrated through culinary traditions in the Philippines. The Philippines’ strong diaspora has a major impact on national identity. Overseas workers contribute significantly to the economy of the Philippines. Migration patterns are ongoing national stories in the Philippines. Labor policies are ongoing national stories in the Philippines. Bilateral agreements are ongoing national stories in the Philippines. Sports play a significant role in social cohesion. Basketball plays a significant role in social cohesion. Boxing plays a significant role in social cohesion. Sports play a significant role in international recognition. Arts shape cultural narratives. Literature shapes cultural narratives. Media shapes cultural narratives. Arts shape public discourse. Literature shapes public discourse. Media shapes public discourse. The United Kingdom is composed of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. The United Kingdom has a long and complex history. The history of the United Kingdom influences its current national stories. Political developments dominate the national narrative of the United Kingdom. Economic policy dominates the national narrative of the United Kingdom. International relations dominate the national narrative of the United Kingdom. Social issues dominate the national narrative of the United Kingdom. Brexit has been a defining event for the United Kingdom. Brexit shapes trade policy in the United Kingdom. Brexit shapes immigration policy in the United Kingdom. Brexit shapes regulatory policy in the United Kingdom. Economic adjustments are central to UK national life. Trade negotiations are central to UK national life. Political debates are central to UK national life. The government addresses healthcare through the National Health Service. The government addresses education policy. The government addresses housing policy. The government addresses welfare policy. The monarchy remains a symbol of continuity in the United Kingdom. The monarchy remains a symbol of national identity in the United Kingdom. The monarchy engages in public debates about modernization. The monarchy engages in public debates about relevance. Royal events capture public attention. State visits capture public attention. National ceremonies capture public attention. Royal events attract media focus. State visits attract media focus. National ceremonies attract media focus. Cultural influence is a hallmark of the United Kingdom. Literature is a cultural influence in the United Kingdom. Theater is a cultural influence in the United Kingdom. Music is a cultural influence in the United Kingdom. Film is a cultural influence in the United Kingdom. Cities like London, Edinburgh, and Cardiff are cultural hubs. London is a cultural hub. Edinburgh is a cultural hub. Cardiff is a cultural hub. Cultural hubs attract tourism. Cultural hubs attract education. Cultural hubs attract global attention. Sports unite communities in the United Kingdom. Sports reinforce national identity in the United Kingdom. Football is a sport that unites communities in the United Kingdom. Rugby is a sport that unites communities in the United Kingdom. Cricket is a sport that unites communities in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom maintains a role in diplomacy. The United Kingdom maintains a role in security. The United Kingdom maintains a role in trade. The United Kingdom participates in the United Nations. The United Kingdom participates in NATO. The United Kingdom participates in the Commonwealth. Environmental policy is part of national debates in the United Kingdom. Technological innovation is part of national debates in the United Kingdom. Social equality initiatives are part of national debates in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom grapples with regional identities. Scottish independence movements are a regional identity issue in the United Kingdom. Northern Ireland relations are a regional identity issue in the United Kingdom. Social cohesion is a central narrative in the United Kingdom. Multiculturalism is a central narrative in the United Kingdom. Economic disparities are a central narrative in the United Kingdom. Central narratives influence political decision-making in the United Kingdom. Central narratives influence public discourse in the United Kingdom.